pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Welcome
title-tag: "Acupuncture in Cardiff - Experienced, Individual Care"
permalink: /
section: home
intro_paragraph: >
  [Jekyll Netlify Boilerplate](https://github.com/danurbanowicz/jekyll-netlify-boilerplate)
  provides the basics to get a fast, static website deployed on Netlify.
  Features [Netlify CMS](https://www.netlifycms.org), responsive
  CSS Grid layout, sample
  pages and posts, and a continuous deployment workflow.
navtiles_paragraph: >
  I completed my Acupuncture degree in 2012. I run a comprehensive general practise clinic for adults, a young person's clinic for babies, children and teenagers and a clinic for individuals and couples who need assistance conceiving or carrying a pregnancy.

  As well as my accumulated experience since 2012, I have specialist additional training and experience in the **treatment of babies, children & young people** and the **treatment of fertility related issues**.

features:
- icon: fa-check-square-o
  title: Can Acupuncture Help You?
  excerpt: People the world over use Acupuncture to resolve a very wide range of both physical and emotional health issues.  It helps 1000s of people every day, if you are not sure if it can help you then please [get in touch with me](#contact-trigger){:.contact-trigger} and ask or there is more information on this website.  
  url: about-acupuncture/index.html
- icon: fa-handshake-o
  title: Am I the right Acupuncturist for you?
  excerpt: I provide individualised, patient-centred treatments that are focused on addressing what matters to you. I believe in nourishing people from the inside out and forming long lasting relationships based on trust, integrity and commitment. Click to find out more about my training, experience and approach.
  url: about-me/index.html
- icon: fa-road
  title: What Should You Expect?
  excerpt: You should expect to feel cared about. You will be listened to carefully every time I see you, what you share with me will be taken seriously and you will be treated professionally, kindly and with a deep commitment to your wellbeing.  Click to find out more.
  url: what-to-expect.html

posts:
- image: /images/pic01.jpg
  title: Congue portitor
  excerpt: Aenean ultricies magna non sapien rhoncus, ac ullamcorper lorem convallis. Quisque at venenatis nisi, amet finibus mauris. Sed sodales ultricies eros, sit amet sodales sapien.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic02.jpg
  title: Duis nisl euismod
  excerpt: Ultrices nec metus. Aenean ultricies magna et sapien rhoncus ac ullamcorper lorem convallis. Quisque at venenatis nisi amet finibus mauris. Sed sodales ultricies magna etiam.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic03.jpg
  title: Elementum auctor
  excerpt: Quis interdum. Lorem quis lacus justo. Sed libero condimentum vehicula sem vel, mattis amet mauris. Nullam lacinia sit amet felis vel vestibulum. Morbi aliquam aenean.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic04.jpg
  title: Urna vel lacinia
  excerpt: Integer vel tincidunt lacus. Nulla augue nunc, eleifend quis leo ac, maximus interdum tellus. Etiam at vestibulum felis, id efficitur risus. Praesent ac nulla ex. Duis elementum.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic05.jpg
  title: Neque et suscipit
  excerpt: Libero condimentum, vehicula sem vel, mattis mauris. Nullam lacinia sit amet felis vel vestibulum. Morbi in aliquam est. Aenean dapibus porttitor nulla ultrices venenatis.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic06.jpg
  title: Vestibulum placerat
  excerpt: Tristique tellus et ullamcorper. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Praesent mauris risus, pellentesque eu leo non, tincidunt.
  url: "#"
---

Commit message:

add shibashi specific pages, nav etc

pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Welcome
title-tag: "Experienced, Authentic Tai Chi Teaching in Cardiff"
permalink: /
section: home
intro_paragraph: >
  [Jekyll Netlify Boilerplate](https://github.com/danurbanowicz/jekyll-netlify-boilerplate)
  provides the basics to get a fast, 
navtiles_paragraph: >
  Tai Chi Chuan and Qigong, (pronounced Chi Kung), is a traditional Chinese exercise which uses sequences of graceful gentle movement, developed by martial arts masters centuries ago, to promote wholeness and health.¨Through simple warm-ups, and the Short Form sequence, we explore the physical principles which include working with body alignment, gentle stretching, and folding/opening of joints; using these natural and nourishing exercises to help bring the body into balance.
  Through natural breathing and releasing of habitual tensions in the body and mind, Tai Chi helps us to connect with our own sense of well-being and vitality, we learn to meet all the challenges of day to day life with a focused intuitive awareness.¨Tai Chi is a gentle exercise and is suitable for all ages.¨ Beginners are welcome and improvers are invited to deepen their relationship with this ¨beautiful art of movement.

features:
- icon: fa-handshake-o
  title: Which Class For You?
  excerpt: The philosphy of the school is .....Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   Rising Phoenix Tai Chi   
  url: /about-tai-chi/
- icon: fa-check-square-o
  title: Is Tai Chi Right for You?
  excerpt: Tai Chi has been practised for many hundreds of years for its far reaching health, emotional and physical confidence benefits as well as for its effectiveness as a form of self defence.  It is practised the world over by people of all physical abilities. If you are not sure if it can help you then please [get in touch ](#contact-trigger){:.contact-trigger} and ask or there is more information on this website.
  url: /benefits-of-tai-chi/
- icon: fa-road
  title: What Should You Expect?
  excerpt: You should expect to feel welcome and to have an enjoyable, engaging experience of a form of exercise that is gentle but strong, relaxing but energising. All of our classes are friendly and welcoming and tailored to you, whether you are a beginner or have more experience.  Click to find out more.
  url: what-to-expect.html

posts:
- image: /images/pic01.jpg
  title: Congue portitor
  excerpt: Aenean ultricies magna non sapien rhoncus, ac ullamcorper lorem convallis. Quisque at venenatis nisi, amet finibus mauris. Sed sodales ultricies eros, sit amet sodales sapien.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic02.jpg
  title: Duis nisl euismod
  excerpt: Ultrices nec metus. Aenean ultricies magna et sapien rhoncus ac ullamcorper lorem convallis. Quisque at venenatis nisi amet finibus mauris. Sed sodales ultricies magna etiam.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic03.jpg
  title: Elementum auctor
  excerpt: Quis interdum. Lorem quis lacus justo. Sed libero condimentum vehicula sem vel, mattis amet mauris. Nullam lacinia sit amet felis vel vestibulum. Morbi aliquam aenean.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic04.jpg
  title: Urna vel lacinia
  excerpt: Integer vel tincidunt lacus. Nulla augue nunc, eleifend quis leo ac, maximus interdum tellus. Etiam at vestibulum felis, id efficitur risus. Praesent ac nulla ex. Duis elementum.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic05.jpg
  title: Neque et suscipit
  excerpt: Libero condimentum, vehicula sem vel, mattis mauris. Nullam lacinia sit amet felis vel vestibulum. Morbi in aliquam est. Aenean dapibus porttitor nulla ultrices venenatis.
  url: "#"
- image: /images/pic06.jpg
  title: Vestibulum placerat
  excerpt: Tristique tellus et ullamcorper. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Praesent mauris risus, pellentesque eu leo non, tincidunt.
  url: "#"
---
